URL: https://dealstream.com/d/biz-sale/home-health-care/g0ks1r

HEADING: High Revenue/Cash Flow Home Health Agencies- Texas

BODY CONTENT:
DealStream - The Marketplace For Entrepreneurs
Businesses For Sale
Real Estate
Funding Wanted
Financial
Oil & Gas
More
Log In
Sign Up
Home
Businesses For Sale
Texas
Health Care
Home Health Care Services
High Revenue/Cash Flow Home Health Agencies- Texas
Texas
Home Health Care Services $909,100
Asking Price: $909,100
Print
Save
Share
Report Abuse
Business For Sale Details
Listed on Jul 24, 2025(Renewed on Aug 26, 2025)
This unique opportunity is for the acquisition of two proven and well branded senior care businesses in two of the most desirable markets in Texas- Carrollton (Dallas) and Woodlands (Houston). Key employees (Marketers and Recruiter) are centralized for both locations. Owner performs executive level oversight, strategy, and fiscal management of the companies.

The business model supports senior and disabled clients to maintain independence, dignity, and quality of life. It is a simple business model- cash based and highly scalable with recurring revenue. Caregivers provide personal care, homemaking, companionship, incidental transportation and other home care services in the client's home or facility of their choice. Payer sources are currently private pay, Atena insurance and Long-Term Care Insurance. Weekly payments via ACH promotes strong and expedient cash flow.

The home care industry presents exceptional growth potential with the U.S. market valued at $150 billion in 2022 and projected to grow at 7.9% CAGR through 2027. The global market is expanding at 8.4% CAGR, expected to reach $515 billion by 2027. An aging population drives consistent demand for quality home care services.
- Cash model
- Recurring Revenue
- Multiple established referral sources
- Excellent reputation and very well branded
- Multiple payer sources
- Markets served have 4.7 and 5.0 Google ratings
- Transitional support available
Read More
change currency
Financials (USD)
Asking Price
$909,100
Cash Flow
$781,822
Sales
$3,200,627
Deal Terms
Represented by broker?
Yes
Disclaimer: DealStream has not independently verified any of the information in this listing and makes no warranty as to its accuracy or completeness. This listing does not constitute an offer to sell, solicit or make an offer to buy an investment interest. Offers to sell, or the solicitation of offers to buy, any security can only be made through official offering documents, such as a subscription agreement and private placement memorandum. Read DealStream's Terms Of Use before responding to any listing. Learn how to stay safe in our marketplace.
Request Information
Want to learn more about this listing? Log in now. New to DealStream? Discover how artificial intelligence can help you find better deals! Sign up for a Free Account today and get your first Search Genius deal tomorrow.
Sign Up
DealStream Awards & Reviews
More Listings Like This
Texas Businesses For Sale | Health Care Businesses For Sale | Home Health Care Businesses For Sale
Profitable, Established Home Care Franchise IL
Belleville, IL - Home Health Care Services - $474,999
$14.5M Rev Non-Medical Home Care & Hospice Agency
Texas - Home Health Care Services - On Request
Texas Home Care for Sale - Houston Metroplex
Texas - Home Health Care Services - $50,000
Resources For Entrepreneurs
Web3 and Blockchain-Based Ventures
Read This Article
Essential Entrepreneurial Skills You Need to Succeed
Read This Article
Product vs. Company
Read This Article
DealStream Academy
Valuing a Home Health Business
Read This Article
Home Health Business Due Diligence
Read This Article
Keys to Success With a Home Health Business
Read This Article
Search
Businesses For Sale
Funding Sources
Investment Opportunities
Properties For Sale
Solutions
Deal Sourcing
Deal Marketing
Sourcing Plans
Marketing Plans
Resources
DealStream Academy
Blog
Contact Us
Help Center
Staying Safe
Sitemap
Company
About Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Climate Change
DealStream
Connect with us
DealStream on Facebook
DealStream on LinkedIn
DealStream on Twitter
DealStream on Bluesky
© 2025 DealStream
v7.1.0-en_US #3047